README.md, before:

# text_editor_pwa
  [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

  ## Description
  This is a full-stack application that meets the PWA criteria and functions both online and offline. Data is tored in the IndexedDB API.

  ## Table of Contents
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Tests](#tests)
  - [Questions](#questions)
  - [Credits](#credits)
  
  ## Installation

  ```` 
  npm run start 
  ````

  ## Usage
  

  ## Features

  1. Webpack bundle javascript files. 
  2. When run WEBPACK plugins it generates an html file, service worker and manifest file. 
  3. Uses next-gen Javascript - application still functions in the browser without errors. 
  4. indexedDB creates a database storage. 
  5. Content is saved in the text editor with indexedDB. 
  6. Content is retrieved from the indexedDB when user re-open the application.
  7. When user clicks on the install button, then the application is downloaded as an icon on the desktop. 
  8. When the web app is loaded then it has a registered service worker using workbox. 
  9. When user register a service worker then the static assets are pre-cached and loading along with the pages and static assets. 


  ## License
  [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
  
  This application is covered by MIT license, available at:
  https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

  ## Contributing
  Please feel free to send a pull request, the following is my GitHub account: https://github.com/Renatatims

  ## Tests
  ```` npm run start ````

  ## Questions
  If you have any questions please contact me at:
   - GitHub account:https://github.com/Renatatims
   - e-mail account: renatatims@gmail.com

  ## Credits
  - https://www.npmjs.com/package/idb 
  - https://developer.chrome.com/docs/workbox/ 
  - https://developer.chrome.com/docs/workbox/modules/workbox-webpack-plugin/ 
  - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Service_Worker_API

Commit message:

Preview image added + link to application

README.md, after:

# text_editor_pwa
  [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

  ## Description
  This is a full-stack application that meets the PWA criteria and functions both online and offline. Data is tored in the IndexedDB API.

 ![Preview](assets/screenshots/Capture1.PNG)

  ## Link to application:
  Please follow the below link to application deployed with heroku:
  
  https://renata-jate-text-editor.herokuapp.com/

  ## Table of Contents
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Tests](#tests)
  - [Questions](#questions)
  - [Credits](#credits)
  
  ## Installation

  ```` 
  npm run start 
  ````

  ## Usage
  
  User can create notes or code snippets online or offline.

  ## Features

  1. Webpack bundle javascript files. 
  2. When run WEBPACK plugins it generates an html file, service worker and manifest file. 
  3. Uses next-gen Javascript - application still functions in the browser without errors. 
  4. indexedDB creates a database storage. 
  5. Content is saved in the text editor with indexedDB. 
  6. Content is retrieved from the indexedDB when user re-open the application.
  7. When user clicks on the install button, then the application is downloaded as an icon on the desktop. 
  8. When the web app is loaded then it has a registered service worker using workbox. 
  9. When user register a service worker then the static assets are pre-cached and loading along with the pages and static assets. 


  ## License
  [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
  
  This application is covered by MIT license, available at:
  https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

  ## Contributing
  Please feel free to send a pull request, the following is my GitHub account: https://github.com/Renatatims

  ## Tests
  ```` npm run start ````

  ## Questions
  If you have any questions please contact me at:
   - GitHub account:https://github.com/Renatatims
   - e-mail account: renatatims@gmail.com

  ## Credits
  - https://www.npmjs.com/package/idb 
  - https://developer.chrome.com/docs/workbox/ 
  - https://developer.chrome.com/docs/workbox/modules/workbox-webpack-plugin/ 
  - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Service_Worker_API
